My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
In that instant, everything changed.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
Hit me with your pet shark!
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Love is not like pizza.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Greetings from the real universe.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
The river stole the gods.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
She cried diamonds.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
Let me help you with your baggage.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Greetings from the real universe.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.